**Zeppelin Group Ltd**

**Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”)**

Thank you for your interest in the OpenZeppelin open-source projects
found at <https://github.com/OpenZeppelin>, which are stewarded by
Zeppelin Group Ltd (“**OpenZeppelin**”), with an address at _5 New Street
Square, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 3TW_. The form of license below is a
document that clarifies the terms under which You, the person listed
below, may contribute software code described below (the
“**Contribution**”) to the projects. We appreciate your participation in
our projects, and your help in improving our products, so we want you to
understand what will be done with the Contributions. This license is for
your protection as well as the protection of OpenZeppelin and its
licensees; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions
for any other purpose.

By agreeing to this Agreement via our CLA Assistant on GITHUB, You
hereby agree:

**1.** **You grant us the ability to use the Contributions in any way**.
You hereby grant to OpenZeppelin a non-exclusive, irrevocable,
worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license under all
of Your relevant intellectual property rights (including copyright,
patent, and any other rights), to use, copy, prepare derivative works
of, distribute and publicly perform and display the Contributions on any
licensing terms, including without limitation: (a) open source licenses
like the MIT License, GNU General Public License (GPL), the GNU Affero
General Public License (AGPL), the GNU Lesser General Public License
(LGPL), the Common Public License, or the Berkeley Science Division
license (BSD); and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses.

**2.** **Grant of Patent License**. You hereby grant to OpenZeppelin a
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, license, under any
rights you may have, now or in the future, in any patents or patent
applications, to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, and import
products containing the Contribution or portions of the Contribution.
This license extends to patent claims that are infringed by the
Contribution alone or by combination of the Contribution with other
inventions.

**4.** **Limitations on Licenses**. The licenses granted in this
Agreement will continue for the duration of the applicable patent or
intellectual property right under which such license is granted. The
licenses granted in this Agreement will include the right to grant and
authorize sublicenses, so long as the sublicenses are within the scope
of the licenses granted in this Agreement. Except for the licenses
granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the
Contribution.

**5.** **You are able to grant us these rights**. You represent that You
are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has
rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You
are authorized to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or
that Your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

**6.** **The Contributions are your original work**. You represent that
the Contributions are Your original works of authorship, and to Your
knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right
in any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also
represent that You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into
an agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of
this license. For example, if you have signed an agreement requiring you
to assign the intellectual property rights in the Contributions to an
employer or customer, that would conflict with the terms of this
license.

**7.** **We determine the code that is in our products**. You understand
that the decision to include the Contribution in any product or source
repository is entirely that of OpenZeppelin, and this agreement does not
guarantee that the Contributions will be included in any product.

**8.** **No Implied Warranties.** OpenZeppelin acknowledges that, except
as explicitly described in this Agreement, the Contribution is provided
on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES
OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
